Update about-nc2-on-azure.md (#125491)
Azure/azure-content: articles/baremetal-infrastructure/workloads/nc2-on-azure/about-nc2-on-azure.md

- [Windows Server Product Terms](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/terms/productoffering/WindowsServerStandardDatacenterEssentials/EAEAS) 
- [Azure Product Terms](https://www.microsoft.com/licensing/terms/productoffering/MicrosoftAzure/EAEAS)

> Also note, there is no current product integration where you can choose Azure Hybrid Benefit for VMs in NC2 on Azure. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There's no current product integration where you can choose Azure Hybrid Benefit for VMs in NC2 on Azure. 
```
